docs: add OpenAPI client section to CONTRIBUTING.md [ci skip] (#924)
confluentinc/vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

    gulp functional

### Updating OpenAPI clients

We use [`openapi-generator-cli`](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/usage) with the
[`typescript-fetch` generator](https://openapi-generator.tech/docs/generators/typescript-fetch/) to
create the client code from [OpenAPI specs](https://www.openapis.org/what-is-openapi).

The generated client code is used to help make requests to the services defined in the OpenAPI specs
without needing to manually write the request/response structures, middlewares, handlers, and more.

#### Generating the client code

To generate the client code, run the `apigen` task:

    gulp apigen

> This task will generate the client code for all OpenAPI specs in the `src/clients` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task generates the client code for all OpenAPI specs in the `src/clients` directory.
```

     directory.
2. Update the `apigen` task's `clients` array in the
   [`Gulpfile.js`](https://github.com/confluentinc/vscode/blob/main/Gulpfile.js) to include the path
   of the new OpenAPI spec file(s) and their destination directory. For example:

```diff
const clients = [
  // existing clients
  ["src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/sidecar.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/sidecar"],
  ["src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/ce-kafka-rest.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/kafkaRest"],
  ["src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/schema-registry.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/schemaRegistryRest"],
  ["src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/scaffolding-service.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/scaffoldingService"],
- ["src/clients/docker.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/docker"]
+ ["src/clients/docker.openapi.yaml", "src/clients/docker"],
+ ["src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/new-service-openapi.yaml", "src/clients/newService"],
];
```

3. Run the `apigen` task:

```
   gulp apigen
```

\*_For sidecar-handled requests, update
[`SidecarHandle`](https://github.com/confluentinc/vscode/blob/main/src/sidecar/sidecarHandle.ts)
with any custom headers and/or other configurations._

#### Manual adjustments to OpenAPI specs

> We occasionally need to make manual adjustments to OpenAPI specs before generating the client code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, we need to make manual adjustments to OpenAPI specs before generating the client code.
```

To ensure these changes are not lost, we have a
[`src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/patches` directory](https://github.com/confluentinc/vscode/tree/main/src/clients/sidecar-openapi-specs/patches)
where we can store these changes as `.patch` files.

> The `apigen` task will try (using a glob pattern to find all `.patch` files in the `patches`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `apigen` task tries to apply these patches to the OpenAPI specs before generating the client code,
```

> directory) to apply these patches to the OpenAPI specs before generating the client code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by using a glob pattern to find all `.patch` files in the `patches` directory.
```
